Capacitor: Add troubleshooting for Sibling SDKs (#5656)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/platforms/javascript/guides/capacitor/troubleshooting.mdx

sidebar_order: 1000
---

## Different Versions for Sibling SDKs 

If you see the following error during build time, the sibling SDKs installed in your app have mismatched versions:

```js
  node_modules/@sentry/types/types/globals.d.ts:2:11 - error TS2451: Cannot redeclare block-scoped variable '__DEBUG_BUILD__'.
```

> To avoid any issues when installing packages or using the code on another machine, you must use the same version of Sentry Capacitor and @Sentry/Angular (or any other sibling SDK) that is referred by the peer dependency of Sentry Capacitor in your app.  

Reviewer: Not sure if the word "referred" is correct here? 
```suggestion
To avoid any issues when installing packages or using the code on another machine, you must use the same version of Sentry Capacitor and @Sentry/Angular (or any other sibling SDK) that is referenced by the peer dependency of Sentry Capacitor in your app.  
```

Author: looks good for me, thanks for the review :D

Correct:

```xml
    "@sentry/angular": "7.13.0",
    "@sentry/capacitor": "0.10.1"
```

Incorrect:

```xml
    "@sentry/angular": "^7.13.0",
    "@sentry/capacitor": "^0.10.1"
```

> You can check which version of the sibling SDK is installed using the following command: `npm info @sentry/capacitor peerDependencies`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can check which version of the sibling SDK is installed using the following command: `npm info @sentry/capacitor peerDependencies`.
```

sidebar_order: 1000
---

## Different Versions for Sibling SDKs 

To avoid any issues when installing packages or using the code on another machine, you must use the same version of Sentry Capacitor and @Sentry/Angular (or any other sibling SDK) that is referred by the peer dependency of Sentry Capacitor in your app.  

Correct:

```xml
    "@sentry/angular": "7.13.0",
    "@sentry/capacitor": "0.10.1"
```

Incorrect:

```xml
    "@sentry/angular": "^7.13.0",
    "@sentry/capacitor": "^0.10.1"
```

If you see the following error during build time, the sibling SDKs installed in your app have mismatched versions:

```js
  node_modules/@sentry/types/types/globals.d.ts:2:11 - error TS2451: Cannot redeclare block-scoped variable '__DEBUG_BUILD__'.

> ```

Reviewer: Is this the error that someone is going to see that's going to make them come look at this documentation? If so, then this should be the first thing they see in this section. Right now, a user would have to read through the solution first before they'd ever see a reference to the error they're trying to get rid of.

sidebar_order: 1000
---

> ### Different versions for Sibling SDKs 

Reviewer: Don't skip heading levels or it breaks the right hand sidebar on the page.

```suggestion
## Different Versions for Sibling SDKs 
```

> Sentry Capacitor requires your app to use the same versions of @Sentry/Angular (or another Sibling SDK) that is refered by the peer dependency of Sentry Capacitor, to avoid any issues when installing packages or using the code on another machine, it's recommended to use the exact version of both sentry/capacitor and the sibling SDK. 

Reviewer: This seems repetitive. Suggest:

```suggestion
To avoid any issues when installing packages or using the code on another machine, you must use the same version of Sentry Capacitor and @Sentry/Angular (or any other sibling SDK) that is referred by the peer dependency of Sentry Capacitor in your app.  
```

> Correct

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Correct:
```

```xml
    "@sentry/angular": "7.13.0",
    "@sentry/capacitor": "0.10.1"
```

> Incorrect

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Incorrect:
```

```xml
    "@sentry/angular": "^7.13.0",
    "@sentry/capacitor": "^0.10.1"
```

> One side effect of mismatching the SDKs is the follwing error during build time:

Reviewer: You should be stating the problem first and then the solution. So I'd move lines 26-30 up to the top and change the intro text to something like this.
```suggestion
If you see the following error during build time, the sibling SDKs installed in your app have mismatched versions:
```

```js
  node_modules/@sentry/types/types/globals.d.ts:2:11 - error TS2451: Cannot redeclare block-scoped variable '__DEBUG_BUILD__'.
```

> To solve this you must use the exact version of the Sibling SDK.

Reviewer: You've already told them what the solution is, so I don't think you need it here.
```suggestion
```

> <Note>
> 
> You can verify the correct version of the sibling SDK using the following command: `npm info @sentry/capacitor peerDependencies`
> 
> </Note>
> 

Reviewer: This can just be in plain text since it's pretty important to this process. Does this command change anything or just show you which versions you have?

```suggestion
You can verify the correct version of the sibling SDK using the following command: `npm info @sentry/capacitor peerDependencies`
```

Author: It does not alter anything, it only shows the version being used.
